So, hello everyone.
Hello everyone, thank you for being here and for making this room so full even in the early
morning.
Don't be confused, I'm speaking in this microphone just for the stream so we have to talk a little
bit louder here so that people online can hear us.
I hope that's all right for you also to the speakers.
Okay, so we are very thrilled from the organizers that you are all here and that we collected
so many interesting talks.
We will shortly give an introduction into what we thought about this schedule, why the
talks are there and were selected, but in general we had so many good contributions
and submissions to this deaf room so it was really hard and we hope that you will enjoy
the program.
We, that is people from different railway companies I would say in Europe, like in the
last year when we first presented this room or organized this room, yeah, we learned a
lot and we also learned each other and we are actually, we can say we just founded the
Open Rail Association just a few days ago officially so this is one of the forms that
we have where we bring together people from the community, from the free and open software
community but also from railway operators, from the transportation community to work
together and yeah, this is one of these great opportunities so it's great that we can do
this for the second time in a row.
And yeah, thank you.
We, that is here, Louis Hamelon from SNCF, we will also give a short introduction now
and then it's me, Max Mehl from Deutsche Bahn, we have Comedius Schumacher from Deutsche
Bahn, Peter Keller from SBB, Mahalia Steffan from SBB as well and Simon Clavier from SNCF
so you see we are quite international here and we are the organizers.
So Louis, do you want to give us a short intro into the day, what can we expect today?
Yes, thank you Max.
So we try to tell a story this year and not to put some talks, the one after the other
and we start with, first with something about the data and about the traffic forecast and
to modelize the data of the demand and then what happened with the data, we try to simulate
the passenger behavior with a mat sim tool which is a quite fancy tool and then once
we have this transport modeling passenger model, we can use it for making simulation
and building timetables so we have these three talks about a fancy tool which is called OSRD.
Yes, it's a and this tool, so we will have three talks about this tool, one about the
map, one about the running time algorithm and the other one about the signaling system
and then how it is used and nice and what is, what, how the community works with all the,
the, the, for the railway and for the transportation in general.
Cool, Tristan.
That's it for me, so maybe we can start now.